Exactly.
This is my map of the ten kingdoms of the Western Regions
It is printed on the seals of my ten kingdoms.
This is the seal of the Qing Dynasty
This is the seal of the southern kingdom
This is the seal of a reasonable country and a proud country
I heard that the Dragon King of the Building has been in retreat for 5 years to practice magic skills
Has broken through the realm of gods
This has the reaction of my stone pot mage on it.
Ask the Dragon King to step on this path
If I can pass through my country safely
From now on, he will bow down to Great Xia
Or did you have the foresight?
My big summer in the Western Regions has been rubbing against the country for many years
If the Dragon King could today
Tread this million miles of rivers and mountains
The Western Regions will submit to me, Great Xia
No more war at the border
Lord Dragon King will make a great contribution to Great Xia
Husband, come on
Like I said, I'm not your husband
Do you know the law?
No, it's providence.
I'm so cheap
A little bit of law will not
Am I not going to die?
I heard the Dragon King say
The Judicial Array is designed for practitioners
It doesn't work for mortals.
School since you Fan Jiafi said he was the Dragon King
Then I take this opportunity
Let's see who the real Dragon King is
Lord Dragon King
As long as you cross this path
The lies of the Fan family and this genius will be unfair
servant
I will not let them go easily
Master how
Afraid of you being a fake
I'm afraid you wouldn't dare to lend you ten guts?
I was scared.
Today, I will let you experience the might of this Dragon King
A kid pretending to be a dragon king
Dare to stand up and lose the face of our people
Brother Dragon King
Please come up
It's you who can only bite the bullet so far
I am not the Dragon King
But he had already broken through to the Golden Immortal Realm
How can this sky-breaking wealth pass by?
If I had taken this path today
Make a great contribution
Even if the True Dragon King comes
Also surrender at my feet
Please Dragon King Young Clan
Just a little lizard carving
Watch the deity break his formation